c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.Api.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.Api.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.Api.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Net4.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\obj\Debug\Windyship.Api.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\obj\Debug\Windyship.Api.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\obj\Debug\Windyship.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\obj\Debug\Windyship.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.Api.dll.config
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.Api.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.Api.pdb
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Elmah.Mvc.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Web.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.ValidatingIssuerNameRegistry.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Windyship.pdb
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\obj\Debug\Windyship.Api.dll
C:\Windyship\Windyship.Api\obj\Debug\Windyship.Api.pdb
